hello welcome to my first model kit
review and basically I just got this and
I'm really excited to build it so we
have the Revell 148th scale um Sturman
pt-17 I've heard that this is a really
nice kit so um yeah I'm hoping this is
nice so a into the box so we come right
off with the instructions and the wings
the details look fine I guess think the
lower
don't know what this is probably like an
inn compartment part or piece of a feast
large parts for the engine you could see
it there um the main like it's like the
frame to keep the wings attached to each
other into the fuselage I mean this is
the fuel ourself and one rear wing
that's a little concerning um the second
half of the fuselage some clear parts
they look nice actually
um they're clear not fogged up which is
actually real nice and the bottom
portion or weight hmm that's weird
yeah the bottom portion of the rear
stabilizer wing whatever main frame and
wheels and extra bits and bobs and at
last we have the details they look like
they need some work on it just judging
by how they're they don't look like in
the best shape
yeah they're gonna take a bit to soften
up so yes here is my sternum 5017 that I
will be building overseen so yeah there
we have it a new airplane that we are
going to build